now to Southern Israel Over The Border
where Israel says it's sending military
reinforcements it's called up 300,000
reservists where it's preparing for a
major assault the milary has been
reporting that it's retaken control of
the Border towns which were overrun by
Hamas fighters on Saturday morning the
Army says some isolated fighting is
ongoing the state of Israel and the Army
are now responding to a criminal and
cruel attack by Hamas the intrusion of
terrorists into the private homes of
civilians from people in the Gaza Strip
and The Taking of women and children
this is murderous terrorism therefore we
are attacking pursuing and harming
anyone who took part in it and that's
how we'll continue I know that the past
day has been hard the price is heavy I
know that there are many questions and
much frustration but the important thing
we are now focusing on going forward
with with assistance and resolving
problems we have civilians Security
Forces our soldiers killed injured some
of them are in their hands of the
enemy Charles traford is our
correspondent in southern Israel he's a
nvot there Charles first of all talk us
along talk us through the troops that
you've been seeing building up massing
there on the southern
border yeah Laura it can only really be
described as a massive troop build build
up the Weaponry that you can see behind
me now these are Israeli apcs armored
personnel carriers of course designed to
take infantry soldiers into the
battlefield and protect them as much as
possible in addition to those apcs what
I'm looking at now in front of me I can
see soldiers coming in on Humvees Jeeps
rain Rovers we are seeing an increasing
troop buildup um as as we go into toight
we've seen tanks uh mobile artillery
pieces
self-propelled uh mobile artillery
pieces big guns so it all intents and
purposes it does seem as if there is
going to be some sort of invasion into
Gaza um and if these troops and if this
equipment is anything to go by then it's
pretty large
scale meanwhile the air strikes continue
it's an
incessant barrage of Boom that we hear
smoke Rising behind me along the Gaza
Strip border which is a couple of
kilometers in that direction it's
fighter jet after fighter jet coming
from this direction round dropping their
payloads helicopter gunships as well um
firing firing Rockets into the Gaza
Strip so as I say all indications are
that they are gearing up the Israeli
military are gearing up for a serious um
escalation
and and pushing into the Gaza Strip
whether in fact it happens this evening
or in the next 24 hours 48 hours or so
remains to be seen But in military speak
it certainly seems as if they are
softening up um their targets um and it
is the civilian population inside Gaza
that of course is suffering the most
absolutely Charles as you talk about
those sorties into Gaza we can see the
widespread destruction of those air
strikes on building inside the Gaza
Strip Towers residential Apartments they
look like completely destroyed by those
air strikes which have been
ongoing since the Hamas operation into
Israel into Southern Israel where you
are Charles on Saturday morning